chore(template): Updated pull request template (#3166)
box/box-ui-elements: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--
Please add the `ready-to-merge` label when you have received both approvals

> Using the `ready-to-merge` label adds your approved pull request to the merge queue and when master is in a green state from a previous merge.

Author: doesnt that assume it only adds to the queue when its in a green state? pretty sure if its in a red state from the previous merge, you still get added to the queue but the queue doesnt move.

> Using the `ready-to-merge` label adds your approved pull request to the merge queue and when master is in a green state from a previous merge.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the `ready-to-merge` label adds your approved pull request to the merge queue where it waits to be merged.
```

How about this?

> Mergify will merge your PR based on the queue assuming your pull request is still in the green state after the previous merge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mergify will merge your PR based on the queue assuming your pull request is still in the green state after the previous merge.
```

In case the `ready-to-merge` label not working?
1. Do you have two approvals?

>    2. We have a requirement to require two approvals in order to merge to master.

Reviewer: `We have a requirement to require two approvals` -> `We require two approvals`?

>    2. We have a requirement to require two approvals in order to merge to master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. We require two approvals in order to merge to master
```

2. Did you remove the unnecessary reviewers?
   3. e.g. three reviewers were added but you already have two necessary approvals. Remove the other reviewer or have them approve the pull request.

> 3. Is there any other pull requests in the merge queue before?

Reviewer: grammar: `Are* there any other pull requests...`

<!--
Please add the `ready-to-merge` label when the pull request has received the appropriate approvals.
Using the `ready-to-merge` label adds your approved pull request to the merge queue where it waits to be merged.
Mergify will merge your pull request based on the queue assuming your pull request is still in a green state after the previous merge.

> What to do when the `ready-to-merge` label not working:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What to do when the `ready-to-merge` label is not working:
```

- Do you have two approvals?
  - At least two approvals are required in order to merge to the master branch.
- Are there any reviewers that are still requested for review?
  - If the pull request has received the necessary approvals, remove any additional reviewer requests that are pending.
    - e.g.

>       - Three reviewers were added comments but you already have two necessary approvals and the third reviewer's comments are no longer applicable. You can remove the third person as a reviewer or have them approve the pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Three reviewers added comments but you already have two necessary approvals and the third reviewer's comments are no longer applicable. You can remove the third person as a reviewer or have them approve the pull request.
```

      - A team was added as a reviewer because of a change to a file but the file change has been undone. At this point, it should be safe to remove the team as a reviewer.

> - Are there any other pull requests in the merge queue before?

Reviewer 2: `[...] in the merge queue before` sounds a little off. how bout?
```suggestion
- Are there other pull requests at the front of the merge queue?
```

  - Mergify handles the queueing, your pull request will eventually get merged.

> When to contact someone for assistance when trying to merge via `ready-to-merge` label?

Reviewer 2: could change this to use a colon instead of question mark so it's similar to the section above:
```suggestion
When to contact someone for assistance when trying to merge via `ready-to-merge` label:
```

or change the above section (``What to do when the `ready-to-merge` [...]``) to use a question mark

> When to contact someone for assistance when trying to merge via `ready-to-merge` label:

Reviewer: How do you "contact someone"? Should we specify in here?
